README.md, before:

# Anthony Liang's Portfolio Site

This is the CMS for my portfolio, which you can learn more from here: [https://github.com/cyanChill/portfolio](https://github.com/cyanChill/portfolio).

> For images, we utilize links to images in Firebase Storage (in the future, I may add an option for uploading images directly into TinyMCE.)

# Installation & Setup

## Environment Variables

| Variable Name     | Value                                                                                   |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `MONGO_URI`       | This is the URI value to our MongoDB server.                                            |
| `NEXTAUTH_URL`    | The URL of the site this will be hosted on (required for Next-Auth for authentication). |
| `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` | Used to encrypt the JWT for NextAuth.                                                   |

## How to Run Locally

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

Commit message:

add bit on account to access CMS

README.md, after:

# Anthony Liang's Portfolio Site

This is the CMS for my portfolio, which you can learn more from here: [https://github.com/cyanChill/portfolio](https://github.com/cyanChill/portfolio).

> For images, we utilize links to images in Firebase Storage (in the future, I may add an option for uploading images directly into TinyMCE.)

# Installation & Setup

## Environment Variables

| Variable Name     | Value                                                                                   |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `MONGO_URI`       | This is the URI value to our MongoDB server.                                            |
| `NEXTAUTH_URL`    | The URL of the site this will be hosted on (required for Next-Auth for authentication). |
| `NEXTAUTH_SECRET` | Used to encrypt the JWT for NextAuth.                                                   |

## CMS Accounts

For the CMS, we utilize an "virtual accounts" to make sure that only the right people can access the CMS. To do this, in the MongoDB database, in the `users` collection, create a new **user** document with a `username` and a `password` field (the `password` should be unhashed).

- You can create as many **users** as you like.
- The `username` is case-sensitive when logging in.

## How to Run Locally

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.
